why buy more after driving times lawn mower percent stated it was clear
doing the actual call a rather subordinate role plays the fun
to heat with me not stretching across the field is probably more important
even more fun when you make it a competition as today in the
Oberbergischen Waldbröl was there during the grazing tractor race on good Rottland
that my colleagues in Utah doorkeeper Pröll what is it about
so here guests a course for the glory round of the trophy and I have
Now he wants to start the race
the bikes in position nine i would say ORF at
Heise mobil out of judges and paddock goes on and on
Notice something completely different. "I thought it was going to happen
who has which one perpetrator is approx
Georg we see the first sea cross country on the approximately 600
Meter long route
20 minutes, the pilots are now around this
with about 60 km / h
the drivers come from Germany from Luxembourg
from Switzerland and from Belgium clear it is already back to destination
Bernd is hammering out of her right he has not yet
they were injured that he made it worth the short 2 years ago
She would probably be the goalkeeper in the country
and I still can not woo our today
Community the feeling
Mission is done must go that's enough for the seed mower race
Does it make sense for you to prematurely for the drinking water
that's the way it has to be
the woman is he too there is he is a driver of all kinds dar
we are celebrating
sometimes cooked this is a bestseller
the one
pits
falls to the world as seen and we are already
They are not afraid of free market if somebody really value every year
is expected faster and faster from year to year in which he faster and faster
and there are in the pensioners with a first name is indeed with the meeting
there together are always further back
What do the children say I find the transmitter Papaya on the lawn mower
Picture one is already there, the participants were that means it happen
on the other hand to work on the weekends
we are always together
as her family is year
because the internet offer
I can not have to be everyone
Do not bring the lawnmower driver you must not think a bit
be crazy
Georg Bockey have heard that before
Henning to that was then I believe nothing suspicious a crazy yes
Sometimes, today, the market is thinking a lot
yes we are still a bit at the race now
look on and couple the same time through the streets more sense that
When he is no longer there, the right racing machines and train cars appear
tion, he is charming at the same time
Blatter "I would put it on myself, I had fun, maybe
Now it's time to do a good guy
Live from Waldbröl so now